---
path:  "/logs/session-0"
date:  "14/03/2020"
title: "Session 0"
---

## Session 0

Ali was forcefully taken into the thieves guild and set to a trial. He was told that the orders were
"from above". He was to be sent on a suicide mission. He understood this all too well. For this reason,
he started looking around The Beached Leviathan to find promising adventurers so he could save his hide.

The party was... unusual... to say the least. Two rogues, one currently a member of the thieves guild
name Morgan, another a public menacne who left the guild some time ago named Ralts. With Morgan there
was a wild Ranger, who looked to be completley out of place in the middle of the town. There was some
this gnome with aspergers as well, his name was Badri, he came from a foreign land to seek some mineral
or something. One cocky fighter, one fancy bard. It was a strange sight to see.

After gathering a party of 7, he went to the crime scene to investigate. He found out that packages
of a popular drug were stolen from the werehouse of the Thieves Guilds associates. He followed the 
tracks of the thieves with the help of Arnold and found the goblin cave which was home to the thieves.
The stolen goods were given to somebody else for money. Ali decided to kill the goblins and bring the 
Thieves Guild the head of their leader so he could clear his name. They entered the cave with the help
of Ralts, who apparently knew the language of Goblins. The Goblin leader was cocky and invited the 
adventurers to drink with him. They tried to act cool but the fighter couldn't help it, he attacked the
leader and was promptly cut in half, dying on the spot. Arnold ran into the other chamber trying to 
kill as many goblins as he could. Ali saw an opportunity. He set fire to the previously released oil
that was covering the whole room, burning all the goblins and Arnold in the process.

Badri ran from the battlefield. Arnold somehow survived. They killed the last remaining goblins, and
chased the fleeing ones from the cave. Previously escaped goblins closed the door and placed a small
water trap. They avoided it easily. Ali returned to Lias Port with the head of the Goblin leader, claimed
his reward and dissapeared to be seen infrequently by the party. Most of them parted ways, but they
still made a bond, that was yet to show it's strength in the upcomming months.